Release 03
Announcement
The Department of War just released the
third tranche of records
under PURSUE. The first tranche was released on May 8, 2026. Scroll down to view the third tranche, released on June 12, 2026.
[06 12 26]
<
>
Presidential Statement
Donald J. Trump
Truth Social
Based on the tremendous interest shown, I will be directing the Secretary of War, and other relevant Departments and Agencies, to begin the process of identifying and releasing Government files related to alien and extraterrestrial life, unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP), and unidentified flying objects (UFOs), and any and all other information connected to these highly complex, but extremely interesting and important, matters. GOD BLESS AMERICA!
[02 19 26]
Directive
In response to President Donald J. Trump’s directive for transparency on U.S. government information regarding Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP), the Department of War (DOW), with support from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), is overseeing government wide efforts to expeditiously find, review, identify, declassify and publicly release unresolved UAP-related records and historical documents in the federal government’s possession. This is an unprecedented, historic undertaking that requires coordination between dozens of agencies and the review of tens of millions of records, many existing only on paper, spanning many decades. Given the scope of this task, the Department of War will be releasing new materials on a rolling basis as they are discovered and declassified, with tranches posted every few weeks.
The materials archived here are unresolved cases, meaning the government is unable to make a definitive determination on the nature of the observed phenomena. This can occur for a variety of reasons, including a lack of sufficient data, and the Department of War welcomes the application of private-sector analysis, information and expertise. DOW will continue to conduct separate reporting on resolved UAP cases, as mandated by statute. Under this Administration, we will pursue the truth and share our findings with the American people.
Statement
"The Department of War is in lockstep with President Trump to bring unprecedented transparency regarding our government’s understanding of Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena. These files, hidden behind classifications, have long fueled justified speculation — and it’s time the American people see it for themselves. This release of declassified documents demonstrates the Trump Administration’s earnest commitment to unprecedented transparency." - United States Secretary of War Pete Hegseth
PURSUE release files
All
R
elease
01
R
elease
02
R
elease
03
Search the database below for all PURSUE files released to date. Use the tabs above or the filters below to search by release date, agency and file type, and to access file downloads. Click here to view the
LATEST RELEASE
and related documents.
Search, filter, sort, view and download all available PURSUE records in the database.
CLEARED FOR RELEASE - MAY 8, 2026
Search, filter, sort, view and download Release 01 PURSUE records in the database.
Download Release 01 Documents [1.2gb]
Download Release 01 Videos [1.3gb]
CLEARED FOR RELEASE - MAY 22, 2026
Search, filter, sort, view and download Release 02 PURSUE records in the database.
Download Release 02 Documents [70.1mb]
Download Release 02 Videos [5.6gb]
CLEARED FOR RELEASE - JUNE 12, 2026
Search, filter, sort, view and download Release 03 PURSUE records in the database.
Download Release 03 Documents [826mb]
Download Release 03 Videos [4.6gb]
Releases
✕
All Agencies
All Releases
All Types
0
Files
Agency
Release
Incident Date
Incident Location
Type
Learn More
If you want to see other historical UAP records:
Visit AARO.mil
Close
<
[PR-011] Evidence photo 1
>
Download